Update appendix_meta_rules.md (#77)
SigmaHQ/sigma-specification: appendix_meta_rules.md

  - [Event Count (event\_count)](#event-count-event_count)
  - [Value Count (value\_count)](#value-count-value_count)
  - [Temporal Proximity (temporal)](#temporal-proximity-temporal)
    - [Chaining](#chaining)
    - [Correlation Chaining Example](#correlation-chaining-example)
  - [Field Name Aliases](#field-name-aliases)
    - [Field Name Aliases Example](#field-name-aliases-example)
- [File Inclusion](#file-inclusion-1)
  - [File structure](#file-structure-1)
    - [YAML File](#yaml-file-1)
    - [Schema](#schema-1)
    - [Syntax](#syntax-1)
  - [Components](#components-1)
    - [Action:](#action-1)
    - [Filename:](#filename)
- [Defeats](#defeats)
  - [File Structure](#file-structure-2)
    - [YAML File](#yaml-file-2)
    - [Schema](#schema-2)
    - [Syntax](#syntax-2)
  - [Components](#components-2)
    - [title](#title-1)
    - [action](#action-2)
    - [Change to Condition](#change-to-condition)
    - [Description](#description)
    - [Log source](#log-source)
    - [filter selection](#filter-selection)

# Introduction
Sometimes you need a more advanced search than simple selection.
For that we can use a meta-rule over sigma rules.  

## Compatibility

> Sigma correlations might exceed the capabilities of target systems for which queries are generated or required features are only supported partially by the target. Target-specific restrictions should be handled in a way that ensures that the generated queries do not create or raise users awareness for results that:
> 
> * could be misinterpreted
> * cause a huge amount of false positives compared to the query intended by the rule
> * cause false negatives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When generating a backend specific query, Sigma correlations might exceed the capabilities of that targeted backend. Or the Sigma correlation might required a feature that is only supported partially by the target backend. Therefore target-specific restrictions should be handled in a way that ensures that the generated queries do not create results that:

* Could be misinterpreted
* Change the intention/context in which the rule matches
* Cause a huge amount of false positives
* Cause false negatives
```

An error must be raised by the conversion backend if it should generate a query from a rule which contains a feature that is not supported but specified as must. Examples are:

* The target system can aggregate an occurrence count but cannot apply a condition to filter the aggregated counts.
* The target system is not able to aggregate an occurrence count according to the given grouping criteria.
* It is only possible to generate a query up to an intermediate correlation rule of a chain.

> The conversion backend should issue a warning to raise the user’s awareness about restrictions for aspects specified as should. Examples are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The conversion backend should issue a warning to raise the user’s awareness about restrictions for aspects specified as "should". Examples are:
```

    new_network_connection: destination.ip
```

# File Inclusion

## File structure
### YAML File

To keep the file names interoperable use the following:

- Length between 10 and 70 characters
- Lowercase
- No special characters only letters (a-z) and digits (0-9)
- Use `_` instead of a space
- Use `.yml` as a file extension

For the best pratice use the prefix `mr_include_`

### Schema
```yaml
action: //str
filename: //map
```
### Syntax
Only the attribute filename is currently supported.  
It references the Sigma rule file that should be included.

## Components
### Action:

**Attribute:** action

> must be incluse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
must be `include`
```

### Syntax

> Like the sigma rule , "defeats" rules have a title.  
> They don't have an id or level as it keeps the original.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like Sigma rules, "defeats" rules have a title.  
They don't have an id or level as they use the one from the referenced rules.
```

## Components

### title 

**Attribute:** title

A brief title for the rule that should contain what the rule is supposed to detect (max. 256 characters)

### action

**Attribute:** action

must be `filter` ?

### Change to Condition 

**Attribute:** type

can be :
- include
- exclude

### Description

**Attribute:** description

A short description of the rule and the malicious activity that can be detected (max. 65,535 characters)

Relative rules

**Attribute:** rules

refers to one or multiple Sigma rules to be filter

### Log source

**Attribute**: logsource

See log source in [sigma specification](Sigma_specification.md)

### filter selection

**Attribute**: selection

See Detection in [sigma specification](Sigma_specification.md)

Example

```yaml
title: Filter Administrator account 

> description: the valid administrateur account start with adm_ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The valid administrator account start with adm_ 
```
